com/example/mylivestockdiaries/FeedActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.FeedActivity
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/TasksActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.TasksActivity
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/models/IncomeModel.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.models.IncomeModel
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/fragments/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.fragments.SecondFragment
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.fragments.SecondFragment$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.fragments.SecondFragment$1$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.fragments.SecondFragment$1$1$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/calculation.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.calculation
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.calculation$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/BreedingAdd.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.BreedingAdd
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.LoginActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.LoginActivity$1$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.LoginActivity$2
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.BuildConfig
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/ExpenseActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.ExpenseActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.ExpenseActivity$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.ExpenseActivity$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.ExpenseActivity$3
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.ExpenseActivity$4
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.ExpenseActivity$5
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/AdminDashboard.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.AdminDashboard
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.AdminDashboard$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.AdminDashboard$2
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/Artificialinsemination.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.Artificialinsemination
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.Artificialinsemination$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.Artificialinsemination$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.Artificialinsemination$2$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.Artificialinsemination$2$1$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/Finance.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Finance
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Finance$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Finance$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Finance$3
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Finance$4
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Finance$5
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/EventsActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.EventsActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.EventsActivity$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.RegisterActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.RegisterActivity$2$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.RegisterActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.RegisterActivity$3
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/fragments/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.fragments.FirstFragment
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.fragments.FirstFragment$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.fragments.FirstFragment$1$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.fragments.FirstFragment$1$1$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/PriceActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.PriceActivity
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/Treatment.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Treatment
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Treatment$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Treatment$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Treatment$3
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Treatment$4
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/PregnancyActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.PregnancyActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.PregnancyActivity$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.PregnancyActivity$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.PregnancyActivity$3
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.PregnancyActivity$4
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/adapters/DataHoldetr.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.adapters.DataHoldetr
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/ProteinActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.ProteinActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.ProteinActivity$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/RemoveActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.RemoveActivity
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/Calving.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.Calving
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/adapters/MainAdapter.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.adapters.MainAdapter
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/fragments/FragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.fragments.FragmentAdapter
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/adapters/PricesAdapter.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.adapters.PricesAdapter
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.adapters.PricesAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.adapters.PricesAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.adapters.PricesAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/Full_ingredients.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.Full_ingredients
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.Full_ingredients$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/feedadditives.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.feedadditives
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.feedadditives$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/MilkRecordActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.MilkRecordActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.MilkRecordActivity$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.MilkRecordActivity$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.MilkRecordActivity$2$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.MilkRecordActivity$2$1$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/CattleAdd.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleAdd
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleAdd$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleAdd$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleAdd$3
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleAdd$4
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleAdd$5
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleAdd$6
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/models/DataRetrive.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.models.DataRetrive
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/adapters/AIAdapter.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.adapters.AIAdapter
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/models/HomeModel.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.models.HomeModel
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/FeedFormulation.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.FeedFormulation
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.FeedFormulation$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/MilkAdd.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.MilkAdd
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.MilkAdd$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.MilkAdd$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.MilkAdd$3
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.MilkAdd$4
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/BreedingActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.BreedingActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.BreedingActivity$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/models/ExpenseModel.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.models.ExpenseModel
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/FeedTrialActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.FeedTrialActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.FeedTrialActivity$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/adapters/HolderAdapter.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.adapters.HolderAdapter
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/CattleDetails.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleDetails
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleDetails$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/models/AIModel.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.models.AIModel
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/adapters/IncomeAdapter.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.adapters.IncomeAdapter
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/NewAIRecord.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.NewAIRecord
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.NewAIRecord$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.NewAIRecord$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.NewAIRecord$3
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.NewAIRecord$4
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/models/DataModel.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.models.DataModel
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/MainActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.MainActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.MainActivity$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/Vaccine.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Vaccine
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Vaccine$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Vaccine$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Vaccine$3
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Vaccine$4
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/adapters/MilkAdapter.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.adapters.MilkAdapter
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/christine.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.christine
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.christine$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.christine$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.christine$3
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.christine$4
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/CattleActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleActivity$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleActivity$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleActivity$2$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleActivity$2$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.CattleActivity$2$2$1
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/models/MilkModel.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.models.MilkModel
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/IncomeActivity.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.IncomeActivity
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.IncomeActivity$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.IncomeActivity$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.IncomeActivity$3
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.IncomeActivity$4
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.IncomeActivity$5
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/adapters/ExpenseAdapter.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.adapters.ExpenseAdapter
com/example/mylivestockdiaries/activities/Dewormer.java
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Dewormer
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Dewormer$1
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Dewormer$2
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Dewormer$3
 com.example.mylivestockdiaries.activities.Dewormer$4
